Adding content for dynamically updating member list feature. (#510)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/network-partitioning/pages/split-brain-recovery.adoc

> This decision is based on the cluster size; the smaller cluster, by

Reviewer: Maybe this paragraph could read something like this to get over the idea of smaller and larger clusters:

This decision is based on the cluster size. The cluster with the smallest number of members is merged into the larger cluster. If the clusters…

Author: Let's not mention about smaller/larger cluster concept, since as Josef suggested that the split could be 1:1 or 2:2. I'd go with the "healing cluster" as he suggested.

member count, merges into the bigger one. If they have an equal number of members,
then a hashing algorithm determines the merging cluster. When deciding the merging side,

> both sides ensure that there's no intersection in their member lists. In some cases, recovery from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both sides ensure that there's no overlap in their member lists. In some cases, recovery from
```

If you return a deserialized value, it might need to be serialized again, which are avoidable costs.
* Be careful with slow operations in the merge policy (like database accesses),
since they block your partition threads. Also the `LifeCycleEvent.MERGED` or
`LifeCycleEvent.MERGE_FAILED` may be thrown too early, if the merge operations take too long to finish.

== Eliminating Unsuccessful Cluster Merges

In some cases, Hazelcast Platform members which initially can form a cluster (join to each other) may not be
able to recover from the split-brain even though the network failure which caused the split-brain is healed.
The reason is that the master member of the smaller cluster fails to discover the master member of the bigger cluster, so the split-brain merge process never begins.

> Considering a scale-up situation; you add new members after some time since the initial member count in the cluster has become

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering the scenario when you are scaling-up a cluster. You need to add new members because the initial member count in the cluster is insufficient.
```

insufficient. The IP addresses of these new members may not exist in the configurations of
the initial set of members, since the new addresses are not added into the the configurations of the initial members while starting them.
So, in a cluster with a long lifecycle, some members may not have the address of every other member, resulting in split-brain recovery failures.

To overcome this issue, you can use the following REST endpoint to update the member list on the cluster members at runtime.

[source,shell]
----
hazelcast/rest/config/tcp-ip/member-list
----

You can send a `GET` request to the above endpoint to retrieve the current member list from the member and a `POST` request for updating the member list.

The following is the cURL command to retrieve the member list, and its response format:

[source,shell]
----

> curl -X GET http://<member IP address>:<port>/hazelcast/rest/config/tcp-ip/member-list

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
curl http://<member IP address>:<port>/hazelcast/rest/config/tcp-ip/member-list
```

GET is the default method used by cURL.

{"status":"success","member-list":["<member-1-address>","<member-2-address>","<member-3-address>", ...]}
----

The following is the cURL command to update the member list, and its response format:

[source,shell]
----

> curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: text/plain" --data-urlencode "<cluster-name>" --data-urlencode "<cluster-password>" --data-urlencode "<member1-address>,<member2-address>,<member3-address>" http://<member IP address>:<port>/hazelcast/rest/config/tcp-ip/member-list
> 
> {"status":"success","message":"The member list of TCP-IP join config is updated at run time. ","member-list":["<member1-address>","<member2-address>","<member3-address>"]

Reviewer 2: I would use a simpler form here.
```suggestion
curl --data-urlencode "<cluster-name>" --data-urlencode "" --data-urlencode "<member1-address>,<member2-address>,<member3-address>" http://<member IP address>:<port>/hazelcast/rest/config/tcp-ip/member-list

{"status":"success","message":"The member list of TCP-IP join config is updated at run time. ","member-list":["<member1-address>","<member2-address>","<member3-address>"]}
```

Then I would add a note for the first and second arguments. If security is enabled and a custom **member** authentication is used, then the first argument is the username, and the second is the password.

----

For these `GET` and `POST` requests, you need to enable the `CLUSTER_READ` and `CLUSTER_WRITE` endpoint groups, respectively, in the cluster members. See xref:maintain-cluster:rest-api.adoc#enabling-endpoint-groups[Enabling Endpoint Groups].

> By using this REST endpoint, you are able to add the address of the bigger cluster's master to the smaller cluster's members. Therefore, the smaller cluster master will find the bigger cluster's master

Reviewer 2: Again, I wouldn't use the smaller/bigger naming here. Maybe something like:

> By using this REST endpoint, you are able to add the missing addresses of the members from the other cluster to your members. Therefore, one cluster master will find the other cluster's master
